docs: manual create entities on hass (#417)
zwave-js/zwavejs2mqtt: docs/guide/homeassistant.md

}
```

## Execute API functions

### Execute scene

> In this example I will execute the scene with the id `1` via a switch, with following entries in the `configuration.yaml`. Replace `<mqtt_prefix>` and `<mqtt_name>` with you values.

Reviewer: `with your values`

Author: A better variant?
```
In this example I will execute the scene with the id `1` via a switch. 
Replace `<mqtt_prefix>` and `<mqtt_name>` with you values and add this lines in the `configuration.yaml` of home assistant.
```

> ## Execute API functions
> 
> ### Execute scene
> 
> In this example I will execute the scene with the id `1` via a switch, with the following entries in the `configuration.yaml`. Replace `<mqtt_prefix>` and `<mqtt_name>` with your values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Manually create entities

When mqtt auto discovery and custom components aren't enough for your needs you can choose to manually create your entities in hass.

### Execute scene

If you need to create a switch that triggers a scene activation (using mqtt apis) you can use this example.

Add the following entriy in the `configuration.yaml`. Replace `<mqtt_prefix>` and `<mqtt_name>` with your values, based on your mqtt settings and `<sceneId>` with the scene you want to activate
```

```yaml
switch:
  - platform: mqtt
    name: Doorbell Scene
    unique_id: zwavedoorbellscene
    command_topic: "<mqtt_prefix>/_CLIENTS/ZWAVE_GATEWAY-<mqtt_name>/api/_activateScene/set"

>     payload_on: '{ "args": [ 1 ] }'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    payload_on: '{ "args": [ <sceneId> ] }'
```
